okay so this one yes thank you great so
I've just seen a 51 year old female
who's here for a chest discomfort and
you know I should start off by telling
you that she's really really anxious
just in general she takes clonazepam on
a daily basis anyway she was in her
usual state of health until just about
two days ago she started having this
burning sensation right in the middle of
her chest here it lasts about 10 minutes
and then it goes away
and she says it's been going on for the
past two days she's been having it
probably three or four times a day
let's see she's never had this pain
before and she doesn't have any history
of heart disease but I'd say that she's
pretty worried and revved up about heart
disease because she has a brother who
had a heart attack
in his 40s actually let's see she does
get a little nauseous and a little
sweaty but she didn't describe any
shortness of breath to me or any
palpitations and it doesn't have any
orthopnea oh it is hard to gauge if she
hasn't eat this meal with exertion
because she gets his leg pain every time
she moves so that limits her exercise I
can tell you she's not having any chest
pain right now okay so as far as her
past history she does have a history of
high blood pressure
she takes hydrochlorothiazide 12 point
five milligrams a day and she does
smoked still a pack a day although she's
trying to cut down on exam she was well
developed well nourished no acute
distress
Haggar eyes nose throat unremarkable I
didn't see any jvd lungs were clear
heart sounds no murmurs flicks or rubs
peripheral extremities they weren't warm
perfumes no clubbing cyanosis
well her finalized normal blood pressure
and heart rate at 96 you know that's
pretty as I'm sure you know it's pretty
concerning she's got that family history
and the hypertension and she's a smoker
and she although it's burning pain and
it really an international it's
something of an internal pattern the ten
minutes pain and things along those
lines so she's probably need to come in
so why don't will get Melissa to get an
ECG and I'll go see her and you want to
figure out who's on call for cardiology
well I take from there okay okay great